[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "Osamu Kirin's
Apparition Conquest."
[wind blowing]
TOWA: The doorway through
the Tree of Ages isn't opening.
- GRAMMY: There you are!
- [all gasp]
- Thank heavens you're here!
[both grunt]
- I was afraid
you three had gone already.
- Sorry about that.
- Well, you should be sorry.
It's much too late
for you girls to be out.
Oh, never mind. Come inside.
Now, are any of you hungry?
I'm sure I have some leftovers.
KIRINMARU:
Those half-demon princesses
are responsible for this,
for bringing the Degenerate Age
to this world.
Pathetic humans,
your entire miserable race
will soon be food for demons.
[demons growling]
[heart beats]
[flesh flowing]
- [heart beats]
- KIRIN: No.
This won't be
nearly enough to awaken it.
And if it doesn't awaken,
all of humanity
will be massacred.
I wonder where Rion is now.
I long to see her,
even in that puppet body.
[gasps] Could it be?
[Riku panting]
- Riku.
- [gasps] I'm sorry.
[groans] But don't worry.
I was ready for this.
Come on. Let's go!
- Right!
- [yawns]
- I see. So the three of you
can't get back
to the other world.
- That's right, and things
are going to get
even worse if we don't.
MOE: But things here
seem peaceful enough right now.
GRANDPA: Yes, you should
try and not be so grim
about everything, Towa.
GRAMMY: Why don't you all
take it easy for a bit?
[all grumble]
- Just when I finally
met my mom and dad too.
- SOTA: Come to think of it...
- Eh?
- I seem to remember
there was a time
when my sister wasn't able
to go to the other side,
but then, after a while,
she could again.
- Ah, that's a relief!
- How long before she could?
- Oh, well, I guess it must have
been about three years or so.
MOROHA: Oh.
- That long, huh?
- Why's it so important
to go back?
TOWA: I promised I would.
I promised
I'd make it back alive
and that all of us...
my mother, my father,
Setsuna and I
would be together as a family.
- Towa.
Well, then, you go back
to the Sacred Tree tomorrow
and get it to understand
how much it means to you.
- Papa Sota.
- Now it's time
we all got some rest.
- Yeah.
- Setsuna,
are you able to sleep?
- Oh. Yes, I can now.
- Oh, I'm so happy to hear that!
- [sighs]
- Hmm?
I want Setsuna
to sleep with me tonight.
- [meows]
- Come on, Setsuna.
- [Moe chuckles]
- Oh. Hey,
watch your step there.
You're falling asleep
on your feet.
- Yes, I think
I'll go to bed as well.
- Good night, Grandpa.
- All right, good night.
Oh, I almost forgot,
you'll want a bath, won't you?
I'll get one ready for you.
- [laughs]
Thank you! Sounds great!
Haven't had a hot bath
since I don't know when!
- Guess I should
go to bed then too.
- You got it.
- Okay.
- Papa Sota, Mama Moe...
- Hmm?
- Good night, you two.
[demons growling]
- [gasps]
- [growling]
- You go on!
- But--
- Hurry!
- [panting]
- [earring chimes]
- [roars]
- [yells]
[footsteps pounding]
- [gasps]
[door scrapes]
[footsteps shuffling]
I wonder if...
No. This is my opportunity.
[gasps]
- If you don't mind, I thought
I'd let him sleep for a while.
He's had to fight nonstop,
the poor fellow.
Just imagine
how exhausted he must be.
- [grunting]
- And so we finally meet,
dear Rion.
And you brought the Kyuyokon
fruit with you, I see.
You want to use it
to suppress Kirinmaru's
demon powers, I suppose.
- Let me go!
- Shh!
- Hmm?
- I'm a friend.
I'm here to help you.
Don't tell me that you've
forgotten about me.
I'm the arm that
the Great Dog Demon cut off.
- Remember?
- [gasps]
- [yells]
KIRIN: How long it's been.
I've wished for the day when we
would finally meet again.
But to see you trapped
in this artificial body...
Your suffering must have
been beyond imagining.
- [gasps]
- Still, I can understand
how you feel better than anyone.
RION: The warmth of your hand...
- You and I both long
for the same kind of world,
one full of flowers,
as well as trees and animals
and human beings in all
their wonderful diversity.
Oh, how I do love them.
- [gasps]
- Why not use this...
to create the world
that you and I both desire?
- What?
- We can create a world
where you won't
have to suffer ever again.
I can't begin to tell you
how sorry I am for all
that you've been through,
but I'm here now to do whatever
I can to make you happy.
- This all feels so...
so familiar.
Oh, wow!
[laughs]
Hold me, Father.
[crystal clunks]
- With this Kyuyokon fruit,
we could change the world.
Come on, then.
Let's do it.
- [demons growling]
- [sword striking]
RIKU: Miss Rion!
Who is that?
[birds chirping]
- Please, Tree of Ages!
You have to let us go
to the other world!
Akuru, please,
Let us pass through!
- Not even a peep.
- [groans]
We can't give up.
- We have to get back.
- [fist creaks]
[gasps]
I promised them!
I gave my word
I would come back alive!
- We all promised them!
You wouldn't want us
to break our word!
- Akuru, are you there?!
ALL: Akuru!
[pinwheel clacking]
[dramatic music playing]
[all gasp]
[creaking]
- Akuru.
- Yeah! That's it, Akuru!
- You can do it!
- Open it up and let us in!
- All right!
- It's open!
- Nice going, kiddo!
- Akuru, thank you!
Something's wrong.
[gasps]
[all gasp]
- Akuru is...
TOWA: He did it for us.
Let's go!
- You got it.
- We should hurry
before it closes up again.
- Towa! [crying]
- I'm sure some of these things
will come in handy over there.
- I bet they will. Thank you.
- Oh, Setsuna, you will keep up
with the violin, I hope?
- Yes, of course. I will.
[Moroha gasps]
- [crying]
- Come on, now. Don't cry.
- I'm not crying!
And I won't cry...
because I decided
that I wouldn't!
[crying]
- Towa...
you must know that I think
of you as my real daughter,
always have, always will.
Towa, you will
always be my daughter.
[sentimental music playing]
- Papa Sota...
thank you.
- I'm so happy
you found Setsuna. I am.
- [grunts]
[chuckles]
I wouldn't have
been able to find her
without your help.
- I'm glad, really.
These 10 years
we've spent with you
have brought us more joy
than you'll ever know.
Now get going. Go on.
- Right!
I'm off!
Setsuna! Moroha!
- Yeah!
- Ready when you are!
MEI: Bye-bye!
And seriously, I'm not crying!
Don't worry, 'cause I'm
gonna be strong from now on!
- Take care of yourselves.
- Fare you well,
my beloved great-grandchildren!
- [meows]
- I'm sure we'll see them again.
- Yes, dear, we will.
- We made it!
- But what's going on here?!
[demons growling]
MOROHA: The Grim Comet!
And it's spewing out
tons of demons!
- I just don't get it.
What is it
Mr. Kirin's trying to do?
- It's the Grim Comet
that will grant us our wish.
- RIKU: Miss Rion!
- Hmm?
- It's you!
You're Kirinmaru's right arm!
- Why, if it isn't Riku.
It's been a while.
- Don't trust him, Miss Rion!
Don't listen to him!
- Sorry you feel that way,
because all I want to do
is to help make Rion's wishes
come true.
- And what wishes
would those be?
- Blooming flowers,
green fields,
chirping birds,
animals running free,
a world in which
all creatures on Earth
live together
in peace and harmony.
- That's not it!
I know what it is
Miss Rion wishes for--
- RION: Riku!
- [gasps]
- I no longer have need of you.
RIKU: You don't mean that!
- Now then, Rion,
take the Kyuyokon fruit
and hold it up
towards the Grim Comet.
- All right.
- [Riku gasps]
[tense music playing]
[heart beats]
That thing, what is it?
- A life being born anew.
- [heart beating]
- KIRIN: The Grim Butterfly.
[dramatic music playing]
- [warbles]
- So all this time, that's
what was inside the Grim Comet?
- Behold!
A new king has been born today!
Rion, I remember
how you adored the sky
and longed to fly like a bird.
You can finally bid farewell
to that body made
out of bones and grave soil,
for now you are completely free!
From this moment
and for all time,
you can watch over
this precious world.
And by being linked
to the Grim Butterfly,
I will never die,
even if Kirinmaru does.
Riku...
come link your fate
to the Grim Butterfly,
and then you too
will be granted eternal life.
- Thank you,
but that was never my wish!
- So that's how it is.
Then you're really
of no use to me.
And demons that this world
has no use for...
shall be destroyed!
- [grunts]
- [earring chimes]
Hmph.
Now then, Rion,
come along with me.
[rumbling]
- [murmurs]
[grunts]
[grumbles]
Osamu Kirin!
Hmm?
What is that?
- Eh? [chuckles]
- What the devil are you up to?
How dare you
lay hands on my daughter?!
[grumbles]
[grunts]
[grunting]
Rion!
[yells]
[Towa gasps]
- That looks
like the Dream Butterfly.
- Yeah, but a whole lot bigger.
INUYASHA: Moroha!
[all gasp]
MOROHA: Mom! Dad!
- All I gotta say
is you came back
from the other world
with one hell of a souvenir.
- What the heck
is going on here?!
- We don't know. It's like
it's absorbing the demons.
[demons growling]
- Mr. Kirin said it.
He said he would destroy
all the demons.
- [earring chimes]
- [yelps]
[both groan]
- Riku!
What's the matter? [gasps]
You're wounded!
- Never mind.
It's not important.
It's Miss Rion!
She's been taken away!
- What do you mean?
What's happened?
[demons growling]
KIRIN: Yes, Rion.
Destroy those weak
and useless demons
and absorb their energy.
They won't be needing it.
- [door bursts opens]
- Huh?
- Rion!
What is the meaning
of this nonsense?!
- That's a rude way
to talk to your ruler.
You should kneel
and bow your head to her.
- You impertinent right arm.
I don't take orders from you!
- [laughs]
- [growls]
- Don't forget that I'm
still your real right arm.
Do you really think
you can beat me
with that shoddy substitute
you've got there?
Come, Kirinmaru.
You should assist me in creating
the world for your daughter
that she so wishes for.
- [grumbles]
Rion, open your eyes!
- No, it is you
who needs to open their eyes.
You refused to heed the warning
of the Great Dog-Demon,
and because of that,
Rion was killed.
Did you even consider
the pain she'd feel
being dragged into battle?!
- What do you mean?
- You always prioritized
your own desires,
with never a thought
for what your daughter wanted.
You're a failure as a father.
- Do you feel that way, Rion?
- Kirinmaru...
the Dog-Demon Clan will try
to destroy Rion's dream.
You must stop them.
- Rion!
- You want to be
the most powerful demon
of all, don't you?
Well, you will be
if you defeat Sesshomaru.
You would be fulfilling
not only Rion's dream,
but your own dream as well.
- Is it true what he says...
Rion?
- Rion's been absorbed
by the Grim Comet?!
- I can't believe
Mr. Kirin would do that.
- He's using Miss Rion
to eliminate
all the demons of this world!
- Well, then we don't have
any time to waste!
Shippo, let's go!
- Wha?! Wait a minute! Why me?!
- Please, Shippo. Help us.
- [groans]
- Towa! Setsuna! Moroha!
- [Jaken yelling]
[all gasp]
- Takechiyo!
- Towa, take this with you.
You'll need it.
- Uh, wh-what is it?
- We were given it
by the Deputy Shogun
of Kanto himself.
It's the Kikujumonji.
He wants you to save us
from the Degenerate Age.
- Thank you very much!
- Towa, you won't hear me talk
any more about not running away.
You've overcome many hardships
with your attitude
of never backing down,
so don't change now.
Even so...
just make sure
you come back alive.
- Will do!
[dramatic music playing]
Well, let's go!
BOTH: All right.
- And what about you,
Master Jaken?
- I'm staying right here
to wait for Lord Sesshomaru.
- Understood.
- Uncle, we should go.
- [grunts]
- KOHAKU: Kirara!
- [growls]
- Lord Sesshomaru...
- [gasps]
Lord Sesshomaru!
- Rin.
- Huh?
- Let us go, Rin.
[Jaken gasps]
Lord Sesshomaru!
- Huh?
- Eh?
- Uh, Lord Sesshomaru?
- [roars]
- [demons growling]
- KIRIN: You should be honored.
Your useless lives
will serve a purpose
as energy for the Grim Comet.
INUYASHA: That thing's huge!
- Rion, we're coming.
[wind blowing]
- He is here.
- Sesshomaru...
I have come to finish our duel.
- Dear me! Not Kirinmaru again!
Quickly, get back
in the Tree of Ages!
- SESSHOMARU: No, Rin.
- Eh?!
- Watch me
from right where you are.
- You want her to stay?!
- [grunts]
- [growls]
- Do not move from that spot.
- I won't!
[Japanese music playing]
[dramatic music playing]
INUYASHA: We'll stop
that Grim Butterfly!
KOHAKU: Brother and Lady Kagome
are making a barrier,
but will it work?
KIRIN: This is the world
that Rion, our ruler, desired.
- TOWA: Rion!
- MOROHA:
Rion!
SETSUNA: Find the threads
of fate bound to her!
RIKU: Miss Rion,
you have something
you want to say
to Lady Towa, don't you?
TOWA: Next time on Yashahime:
"The Grim Butterfly
of Despair."
Have faith in me, Rion.
I will save you!